1. Shortest Subsequence
Send Feedback
Gary has two string S and V. Now Gary wants to know the length shortest subsequence in S such that it is not a subsequence in V.
Note: input data will be such so there will always be a solution.
Input Format :
Line 1 : String S of length N (1 <= N <= 1000)
Line 2 : String V of length M (1 <= M <= 1000)
Output Format :
Length of shortest subsequence in S such that it is not a subsequence in V
Sample Input :
babab
babba
Sample Output :
3




2. Bursting Balloons
Send Feedback
It is festive time of the year. And Vidit and Parikh loves this festive season, as they get to go to Mela.
Mela brings home their favourite game: "Bursting Balloons". The player has to stand at the leftmost corner of the platform. And there are N balloons, lined up from left to right. The aim of the player is to destroy all these balloons. Now, a balloon can only be destroyed if player shoots its head. So, to do the needful, he/ she shoots an arrow from the left to the right side of the platform, from an arbitrary height he/she chooses. The arrow moves from left to right, at a chosen height H until it finds a balloon. The moment when an arrow touches a balloon, the balloon gets destroyed and disappears and the arrow continues its way from left to right at a height decreased by 1. Therefore, if the arrow was moving at height H, after destroying the balloon it travels on height H-1. The player wins this game, if he destroys all the balloons in minimum arrows.
Vidit challenges Parikh to play this game. You have to tell minimum arrows used by Parikh to win the game.
Input format
The first line of input contains the integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 1 000 000).
The second line of input contains an array of N integers Hi.
Each integer Hi (1 ≤ Hi ≤ 1 000 000) is the height of the ith balloon, respectively from left to right.
Constraints:
Time Limit: 2 seconds
Output format
The first and only line of output must contain the minimal number of times Parikh needs to shoot an arrow so that all balloons are destroyed. 
Sample Test Cases
Sample Input 1:
5
2 1 5 4 3
Sample Output 1:
2
Explanation: Parikh needs to shoots the arrow at height 5 - which destroys [5, 4, 3], and shoots an arrow at height 2 - which destroys [2, 1].